sles 15 SP3, or later for the Ansible control node (#1115)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/ansible-integration.adoc

[NOTE]
====
Currently, the supported version of Ansible is 2.9 (LTS) shipped in SUSE Linux Enterprise 15 Client Tools channels.

> The supported client version is SLES 15 SP3, or later.

Reviewer: Here we mean SUMA clients, but to prevent confusion with Ansible clients, we can add something like this:

```suggestion
The supported OS version for the Ansible Control Node is SLES 15 SP3, or later.
```

Author: thank you for clarification, Can!
